README.md, before:

# project-agile
## college-management-system
### front end team
#### Name : mahmoud , role: ux/ui designer, experince:  HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript , building ui from scratch and use exsists code to build a code , good communication skills optimizing web pages , have degree in computer science. 
#### Name: abbas role Front-End-Mobile experience : html, css, javascript, data-base, interactive front end design, dart(flutter) ,andriod, Developing Across Browsers.
#### Name : maria role Front-End-Designer experience : html, css, javascript, degree in fine arts, creating and maintinance front end of the application,have a very good choice of colors and designs.
### backend team
#### Name: mariam , role network admin , experience setting network, maintaining and expandint the network.
#### Name: moataz , role db developer ,experience: sql , mysql , sqlite, python, php preparing and presenting statistical operations. 
#### Name : Ammar , role: backend-developer, experience: php, python, django, java.
#### Name : sharnoby , role: backend-developer, experience: php, python, node.js, c, c++.


### testing team 
#### Name: Abdelrahman, role: pen tsting , experience: pen testing and sql injection 
#### Name : mariam , role : unit functional testing, experience: javascript selenium 
#### Name : omar , role intigration testing , experience rest assurince c++ c#

### near vision

Commit message:

added point sprint 1 to the model

README.md, after:

# project-agile
## college-management-system
### front end team
#### Name : mahmoud , role: ux/ui designer, experince:  HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript , building ui from scratch and use exsists code to build a code , good communication skills optimizing web pages , have degree in computer science. 
#### Name: abbas role Front-End-Mobile experience : html, css, javascript, data-base, interactive front end design, dart(flutter) ,andriod, Developing Across Browsers.
#### Name : maria role Front-End-Designer experience : html, css, javascript, degree in fine arts, creating and maintinance front end of the application,have a very good choice of colors and designs.
### backend team
#### Name: mariam , role network admin , experience setting network, maintaining and expandint the network.
#### Name: moataz , role db developer ,experience: sql , mysql , sqlite, python, php preparing and presenting statistical operations. 
#### Name : Ammar , role: backend-developer, experience: php, python, django, java.
#### Name : sharnoby , role: backend-developer, experience: php, python, node.js, c, c++.


### testing team 
#### Name: Abdelrahman, role: pen tsting , experience: pen testing and sql injection 
#### Name : mariam , role : unit functional testing, experience: javascript, selenium 
#### Name : omar , role intigration testing , experience rest assurince c++ c#

### near vision 
#### Sprint 1
design and choosing user friendly and interactive ui/ux, design database with the expected tables and features that will link all the data that comes form the college management system toghther so we can store the data and also do operations on the data, we can reach the data easily and also do operations on data by doing this we can have the basics of the inteface and overall visiualization of the project that will help us in the next phases 
#### overview of sprint one 
- basic UI/UX
- data base system
